README.md, before:

# TipDialog
> Please use 3.0.0 or above version, because earlier versions have serious performance issues

[中文版](https://github.com/inRush/TipDialog/blob/master/README.zh-CN.md)

A Flutter Tip Dialog

| Loading Type Dialog | Success Tye Dialog | Fail Type Dialog |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  ![Loading](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/inRush/Resources/master/images/tip-dialog/loading.jpeg) | ![Success](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/inRush/Resources/master/images/tip-dialog/success.jpeg)| ![Fail](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/inRush/Resources/master/images/tip-dialog/failed.jpeg) |


| Info Type Dialog | Only Icon Dialog | Onl Text Dialog  |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ![Info](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/inRush/Resources/master/images/tip-dialog/info.jpeg)| ![OnlyIcon](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/inRush/Resources/master/images/tip-dialog/only-icon.jpeg)| ![OnlyText](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/inRush/Resources/master/images/tip-dialog/only-text.jpeg)|


| Custom Icon Dialog | Custom Body Dialog |
| --- | --- |
| ![CustomIcon](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/inRush/Resources/master/images/tip-dialog/custom-icon.jpeg)| ![CustomBody](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/inRush/Resources/master/images/tip-dialog/custom-body.jpeg)|


## 1. Depend on it
Add this to your package's pubspec.yaml file:

``` dart
dependencies:
  tip_dialog: ^3.0.0
```
## 2. Install it
You can install packages from the command line:
with Flutter:

```
$ flutter packages get
```
## 3. Import it
Now in your Dart code, you can use:

```dart
import 'package:tip_dialog/tip_dialog.dart';
```
## 4. Use
#### Available attributes

```
/// [TipDialogContainer]
@required this.child,
/// automatically disappear time
this.duration: const Duration(seconds: 3),
/// mask layer alpha
this.maskAlpha: 0.3
```

#### Global Use
```dart
/// Use [TipDialogContainer] globally
/// This widget can be globally supported
void main() => runApp(new MyApp());
class MyApp extends StatelessWidget {
  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return new MaterialApp(
      title: 'TipDialog Demo',
      theme: new ThemeData(),
      home: Stack(
        children: <Widget>[
          MyHomePage(title: 'TipDialog Demo Home Page'),
          // add [TipDialogContainer] widget here
          TipDialogContainer(duration: const Duration(seconds: 2))
        ],
      ),
    );
  }
}
/// use TipDialogHelper to show or dismiss tip
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return new Scaffold(
        appBar: new AppBar(
          title: new Text(widget.title),
          elevation: 0.5,
        ),
        body: new ListView(children: <Widget>[
          _buildItem("Loading Type Tip Dialog", () async {
            TipDialogHelper.loading("Loading");
            await new Future.delayed(new Duration(seconds: 5));
            TipDialogHelper.dismiss();
          }),
          new Divider(),
          _buildItem("Success Type Tip Dialog", () async {
            TipDialogHelper.success("Loaded Successfully");
          }),
          new Divider(),
          _buildItem("Only text Tip Dialog", () async {
            TipDialogHelper.show(
                tipDialog: new TipDialog(
              type: TipDialogType.NOTHING,
              tip: "Do Not Repeat",
            ));
          }),
          new Divider(),
          _buildItem("Custom Icon Tip Dialog", () async {
            TipDialogHelper.show(
                tipDialog: new TipDialog.customIcon(
              icon: new Icon(
                Icons.file_download,
                color: Colors.white,
                size: 30.0,
                textDirection: TextDirection.ltr,
              ),
              tip: "Download",
            ));
          }),
          new Divider(),
          _buildItem("Custom Body Tip Dialog", () async {
            TipDialogHelper.show(
                tipDialog: new TipDialog.builder(
              bodyBuilder: (context) {
                return new Container(
                  width: 120.0,
                  height: 90.0,
                  alignment: Alignment.center,
                  child: new Text(
                    "Custom",
                    style: new TextStyle(color: Colors.white),
                    /// if TipDialogContainer are outside of MaterialApp,
                    /// here is a must to set
                    textDirection: TextDirection.ltr,
                  ),
                );
              },
              color: Colors.blue.withAlpha(150),
            ));
          }),
          new Divider(),
        ]));
  }
```

>Use a custom widget when using [TipDialogContainer] globally, there may be appear some unexpected errors.
>such as Text or Icon, will appear similar to the following error.

***No Directionality widget found.***

>Just set TextDirection just fine. See the custom Widget in the example for details.

## 5. Default Dialog Type
```
enum TipDialogType { NOTHING, LOADING, SUCCESS, FAIL, INFO }

NONTHING: no icon
LOADING: have a loading icon
SUCCESS: have a success icon
FAIL: have a fail icon
INFO: have a info icon
```
## 6. TipDialogHelper Method

```dart
/// tipDialog: Need to display the widget
///
/// isAutoDismiss: decide whether to disappear automatically, default is true
/// if true, the dialog will not automatically disappear
/// otherwise, the dialog will automatically disappear after the [Duration] set by [TipDialogContainer]
void show({@required Widget tipDialog, bool isAutoDismiss: true});

/// dismiss dialog
void dismiss();

/// show info dialog
void info(String tip);
/// show fail dialog
void fail(String errMsg);
/// show success dialog
void success(String success);
/// show loading dialog
void loading(String loadingTip);
```

>See the example directory for more details.


## 7. Change log

### [3.0.0]

* fix performance issues
* easier way to call

### [2.1.0]

* add TipDialogHelper and deprecated TipDialogConnector

### [2.0.1]

* fix dismiss bug
* upgrade android build gradle to 5.1.1

### [2.0.0] 

* set default auto dismiss duration as 2 seconds
* delete [TipDialogContainer] Partial parameters
    -- show
    -- outSideTouchable
    -- defaultTip
    -- defaultType
* change show method parameter isLoading to isAutoDismiss
* force display mask layer

### [1.1.2] - (MODIFY)

* fix infinite call dismiss bug
* fixed an issue where setting the isLoading value is invalid

### [1.1.1] - (MODIFY)

* fix bugs that occur when using globally

### [1.1.0] - (FUNCTION CHANGE)

* add tip dialog global support

### [1.0.1] - (MODIFY).

* fix loading view version bug.
* set default loading duration

### [1.0.0] - first release.

* add release.

Commit message:

[Update] update readme and upgrade version to 3.1.0

README.md, after:

# TipDialog
> Please use 3.0.0 or above version, because earlier versions have serious performance issues
> if example no working, please google questions about Flutter upgrade AndroidX
> [AndroidX Migration - Flutterblock](https://flutter.dev/docs/development/androidx-migration)

[中文版](https://github.com/inRush/TipDialog/blob/master/README.zh-CN.md)

A Flutter Tip Dialog

| Loading Type Dialog | Success Tye Dialog | Fail Type Dialog |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  ![Loading](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/inRush/Resources/master/images/tip-dialog/loading.jpeg) | ![Success](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/inRush/Resources/master/images/tip-dialog/success.jpeg)| ![Fail](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/inRush/Resources/master/images/tip-dialog/failed.jpeg) |


| Info Type Dialog | Only Icon Dialog | Onl Text Dialog  |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ![Info](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/inRush/Resources/master/images/tip-dialog/info.jpeg)| ![OnlyIcon](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/inRush/Resources/master/images/tip-dialog/only-icon.jpeg)| ![OnlyText](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/inRush/Resources/master/images/tip-dialog/only-text.jpeg)|


| Custom Icon Dialog | Custom Body Dialog |
| --- | --- |
| ![CustomIcon](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/inRush/Resources/master/images/tip-dialog/custom-icon.jpeg)| ![CustomBody](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/inRush/Resources/master/images/tip-dialog/custom-body.jpeg)|


## 1. Depend on it
Add this to your package's pubspec.yaml file:

``` dart
dependencies:
  tip_dialog: ^3.0.0
```
## 2. Install it
You can install packages from the command line:
with Flutter:

```
$ flutter packages get
```
## 3. Import it
Now in your Dart code, you can use:

```dart
import 'package:tip_dialog/tip_dialog.dart';
```
## 4. Use
#### Available attributes

```
/// [TipDialogContainer]
@required this.child,
/// automatically disappear time
this.duration: const Duration(seconds: 3),
/// mask layer alpha
this.maskAlpha: 0.3
// outside touchable, default false
// if true and onOutsideTouch not set, when use TipDialogHelper.loading(), you can touch mask layer to dismiss
// if true and onOutsideTouch set, when touching the mask layer, onOutsideTouch will be called.
this.outsideTouchable: false
// outside touch callback {@link OutsideTouchCallback}
this.onOutsideTouch
```

#### Global Use
```dart
/// Use [TipDialogContainer] globally
/// This widget can be globally supported
void main() => runApp(new MyApp());
class MyApp extends StatelessWidget {
  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return new MaterialApp(
      title: 'TipDialog Demo',
      theme: new ThemeData(),
      home: Stack(
        children: <Widget>[
          MyHomePage(title: 'TipDialog Demo Home Page'),
          // add [TipDialogContainer] widget here
          TipDialogContainer(duration: const Duration(seconds: 2))
        ],
      ),
    );
  }
}
/// use TipDialogHelper to show or dismiss tip
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return new Scaffold(
        appBar: new AppBar(
          title: new Text(widget.title),
          elevation: 0.5,
        ),
        body: new ListView(children: <Widget>[
          _buildItem("Loading Type Tip Dialog", () async {
            TipDialogHelper.loading("Loading");
            await new Future.delayed(new Duration(seconds: 5));
            TipDialogHelper.dismiss();
          }),
          new Divider(),
          _buildItem("Success Type Tip Dialog", () async {
            TipDialogHelper.success("Loaded Successfully");
          }),
          new Divider(),
          _buildItem("Only text Tip Dialog", () async {
            TipDialogHelper.show(
                tipDialog: new TipDialog(
              type: TipDialogType.NOTHING,
              tip: "Do Not Repeat",
            ));
          }),
          new Divider(),
          _buildItem("Custom Icon Tip Dialog", () async {
            TipDialogHelper.show(
                tipDialog: new TipDialog.customIcon(
              icon: new Icon(
                Icons.file_download,
                color: Colors.white,
                size: 30.0,
                textDirection: TextDirection.ltr,
              ),
              tip: "Download",
            ));
          }),
          new Divider(),
          _buildItem("Custom Body Tip Dialog", () async {
            TipDialogHelper.show(
                tipDialog: new TipDialog.builder(
              bodyBuilder: (context) {
                return new Container(
                  width: 120.0,
                  height: 90.0,
                  alignment: Alignment.center,
                  child: new Text(
                    "Custom",
                    style: new TextStyle(color: Colors.white),
                    /// if TipDialogContainer are outside of MaterialApp,
                    /// here is a must to set
                    textDirection: TextDirection.ltr,
                  ),
                );
              },
              color: Colors.blue.withAlpha(150),
            ));
          }),
          new Divider(),
        ]));
  }
```

>Use a custom widget when using [TipDialogContainer] globally, there may be appear some unexpected errors.
>such as Text or Icon, will appear similar to the following error.

***No Directionality widget found.***

>Just set TextDirection just fine. See the custom Widget in the example for details.

## 5. Default Dialog Type
```
enum TipDialogType { NOTHING, LOADING, SUCCESS, FAIL, INFO }

NOTHING: no icon
LOADING: have a loading icon
SUCCESS: have a success icon
FAIL: have a fail icon
INFO: have a info icon
CUSTOM: custom tip dialog type, just a sign, do nothing
```
## 6. TipDialogHelper Method

```dart
/// tipDialog: Need to display the widget
///
/// isAutoDismiss: decide whether to disappear automatically, default is true
/// if true, the dialog will not automatically disappear
/// otherwise, the dialog will automatically disappear after the [Duration] set by [TipDialogContainer]
void show({@required Widget tipDialog, bool isAutoDismiss: true});

/// dismiss dialog
void dismiss();

/// show info dialog
void info(String tip);
/// show fail dialog
void fail(String errMsg);
/// show success dialog
void success(String success);
/// show loading dialog
void loading(String loadingTip);
```

>See the example directory for more details.


## 7. Change log

### [3.1.0]

* add outside touchable features

### [3.0.0]

* fix performance issues
* easier way to call

### [2.1.0]

* add TipDialogHelper and deprecated TipDialogConnector

### [2.0.1]

* fix dismiss bug
* upgrade android build gradle to 5.1.1

### [2.0.0] 

* set default auto dismiss duration as 2 seconds
* delete [TipDialogContainer] Partial parameters
    -- show
    -- outSideTouchable
    -- defaultTip
    -- defaultType
* change show method parameter isLoading to isAutoDismiss
* force display mask layer

### [1.1.2] - (MODIFY)

* fix infinite call dismiss bug
* fixed an issue where setting the isLoading value is invalid

### [1.1.1] - (MODIFY)

* fix bugs that occur when using globally

### [1.1.0] - (FUNCTION CHANGE)

* add tip dialog global support

### [1.0.1] - (MODIFY).

* fix loading view version bug.
* set default loading duration

### [1.0.0] - first release.

* add release.
